>> Steve Kinney: So, yeah, we've got the
placeholders, we know how to do options,
we know how to do nested syntax.
This you will fight with every time,
I've never not fought with this.““¡” But
it's really great for
common patterns that you might use.
I think if you're using a design
system where everything's got a very
structured layout, there's some other
methodologies to lay out that boilerplate.
It's like just having some like template
files that you just rewrite and
write in there, that works, too.
There's lots of different ways to do this,
but if you find yourself like, okay,
I have a design system where the component
name is button, it's got button props.
That extends from the HTML button element,
right?
You can get a lot of that boil plate,
yeah, you'll spend, like, honestly,
an hour getting that snippet.
And then you gotta remember to use it,
which is a different story for
a different day, but
I think equally as useful.
Let's just do the one more
with the selected text, and
I got some challenges for
you to play around with.
But let's just look at what I was talking
about earlier with selected text.
Sure, let's take that one, and
at this point, we're gonna say.
>> Steve Kinney: Did I have to try to,
trying to remember.
$TM_SELECTED_TEXT, doing that from memory.
You will never write enough of these that
you remember any of this, by the way.
You will do one morning where you feel
like you now have mastered this, and
then it will leak out your head,
you will start over fresh every time,
maybe you're better.
If you get good at this,
I got bigger questions for you,
which is like,
what should you have been doing?
So here we can say hello, put it in
a string and now hopefully I do log, and
you can see that it took the selected text
automatically and put it in a console log.
Where I use it the most is,
you know that in an async away function,
you're supposed to put the fetch in a try,
catch.
Who does that the first time?
Nobody, right?
So, now I can just literally like
select the fetch statement, right?
Try catch hit tab and
fix my mistakes, right?
And have prettier fix the formatting for
me usually.
And again, yeah, there are extensions
that have a bunch of snippets,
you should probably use those.
Honestly, just use them for inspiration,
because you can also just open up those
files and see what they are and
grab the ones you like.
>> Speaker 2: Could you show one more
time how you have selected text and
then type that.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, let's look at the
snippet and I'll show you doing it again.
So, as you can see, I could have put
something like value in here, and
then the default thing would
have been value, right?
In this case we've got $TM_SELECTED_TEXT.
To be clear, the fact that this works and
it knows what I had selected before
I started typing, wild me, right?
At one point too, it's like one of those
things which I've done a million times,
but I had to look it up and double check
before I told any of you about it,
because I'm like that doesn't
seem like it should work.
But yeah, so in this case, we'll say
that the first value is SELECTED_TEXT,
and we'll go back into this one.
So here we got,
let's say we have 1234, why not?
We select it, and
now it's in there, right?
And again, with console log, cool,
I guess, I mean, I honestly worth it.
But if you wanna put in a conditional,
a try catch, something else,
you can also just kind of, like it's all
gonna depend on your code base, right?
But it's nice if it's angular component
that has a bunch of decorators on it or
whatever.
Or that you always want this to extend
from a class to extend from a certain
object, you can kind of create the ones
that you find yourselves repeatedly doing.
The other one just to show you a quick
before we happen to the exercises
is obviously, we know the other
one was CLIPBOARD, right?
So here I will just copy
something onto my clipboard.
And here we'll do this now, and
it is whatever was in my clipboard, right?
Fine, great, again, easy ways to
create stuff for yourself, yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Those environment variables
are the ones that are in capitals
that come with, yeah, those,
they're not available to you
unless you are using a snippet.
You can't just plug into a regular
component to start using it.
>> Steve Kinney: No, so I think, if I'm
not mistaken, I have to look this up,
I'll look it up, I think you can also
grab environment variables too, though.
Yeah, I believe it's something like $env.
>> Speaker 3: Well, when you were
showing the current file path and
selected the file,
that could be very useful.
>> Steve Kinney: Those are the ones I use,
yeah, the most, occasionally I use,
if I want the date and that,
yyd, that's a nice one.
Usually when I'm doing markdown, I'll
do that because it's like the date for
the notes,
you just wanna pop in there real quick.
But yeah, going back to that first
file that has the list, right?
Yeah, I don't use these so
much, but again,
if it's a folder with the component and
you want it to be named as the folder,
you can use $TM_DIRECTORY.
If it is the file name that you want
to base it off of it you can use,
and again, you can Pascal case it,
you can Kebab case it,
you can uppercase it,
you can lowercase it.
There's a bunch in there as well, and
so some of these folder ones, again,
then CLIPBOARD and SELECTED_TEXT
are the ones that I use the most,
the rest of them I don't.